1.0.2 (#39)
MetaMask/action-require-additional-reviewer: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.0.2]

> ### Uncategorized
> - Fix action always failing for PRs from forks ([#37](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-require-additional-reviewer/pull/37))
> - Bump tar from 6.1.5 to 6.1.11 ([#36](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-require-additional-reviewer/pull/36))
> - Fix automatic shorthand major version tag updating ([#35](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-require-additional-reviewer/pull/35))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed
- Fix action always failing for PRs from forks ([#37](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-require-additional-reviewer/pull/37))
```
